the top, after which the cock-bird almost invariably took his seeds out there,
clinging head downwards to the wires as he fed: in a few days the Crossbills
became accustomed to their cage, and immediately set to work to do all the
mischief they could. They tore to pieces perch after perch, so that incessant
renewal was necessary; then they began to tear away the woodwork of the cage,
which was anything but pleasing to me, as it had cost me more money than I
could afford to throw away: moreover, they fought for supremacy, and their bad
language at such times was incessant chip-chip-chip. At last the chip of beak and
tongue was more than I could stand, and I greatly desired to be rid of the dear
creatures.

I think it likely that my Crossbills refused to take the trouble to eat apple-
pips, because they were well supplied with sunflower-seed, with which the were
perfectly satisfied. On the 6th February, 1887, I removed the Crossbills from
their large wooden-framed flight-cage to a much smaller metal prison (such is
sometimes used for Canaries); two clays later the cock-bird discovered how to
open the door; and, after carefully shutting it behind him, flew up to the roof
of the greenhouse in which the cage was hung, and amused himself by walking
about on the creepers head downwards. It was quite three-quarters of an hour
before he could be again secured in his cage, and he used his mandibles to some
purpose upon his captor. The door of the cage was now fastened with wire, to
prevent another exhibition of the bird's skill as a prison-breaker. On the morning
of the 9th the cock-bird died, apparently out of pique, for we could discover no
cause for his death, his organs being all in perfect condition; but possibly he
may have been squeezed when captured: the following day the hen had a fit and
followed his example. Thus my hope of exchanging my Crossbills for some less
destructive species were disappointed.
