Scotland it occurs most generally on the western lowlands during the summer, but
becomes much commoner in the Eastern districts during the winter; westwards
its range extends to St. Kilda, and northwards to the Outer Hebrides. In Ireland
it is local, but common in suitable districts. In October ﬂocks of Corn-Buntings
migrate to our shores, considerably adding to the numbers of our home-bred birds.

The adult male Corn-Bunting has the feathers of the upper surface pale
brown, with blackish central streaks, the wing-coverts and innermost secondaries
dark brown, bordered with warm buﬀ and with whitish tips; quills dark smoky-
brown, the ﬁrst primary with yellowish margin to the outer web; tail blackish-
brown, with pale edges to the feathers; lores and a superciliary line buﬃsh-white;
under parts buﬃsh-white, the throat sparsely spotted with black, and separated
from the cheeks by a moustachial line of dark-brown spots; breast numerously
marked with triangular black dashes, which are somewhat rufescent at the sides;
centre of breast and abdomen whitish, sides streaked with dark-brown; beak with
the upper mandible dark horn-brown, edged with yellow; lower mandible ochre-
yellow; feet pale ﬂesh-brownish; iris hazel. The female is slightly smaller than
the male, and greyer in colouring. The young are more richly coloured, the
wing-coverts and secondaries more prominently bordered with fulvous, the spotting
blacker and the under parts tinged with buﬀ. After the autumn moult the adult
birds are generally more rufescent than in summer.

Owing to its sombre colouring and its habit of roosting on the ground, this
species has sometimes been mistaken for a Lark, and in autumn and winter it is
frequently netted in company with Skylarks: possibly for this reason it often
receives the name of Bunting-Lark.

The Corn-Bunting chieﬂy haunts open and cultivated districts, more especially
where cereals are freely grown. It is not a nervous bird, and I have frequently
stood within a few yards criticizing its ungainly ﬁgure and miserable apology for
a song as it sat perched upon a scraggy bush, stump, or fence, apparently quite
satisﬁed with its performance: the latter has been variously described; but, to
those not acquainted with the songs of some of the Marsh Troupials of the New
World, or the Abyssinian and Rufous-necked Weavers (which have the same
character, though more prolonged and varied) the most accurate idea of the discord
is conveyed, by saying that it resembles the sound made by crushing broken glass
in a mortar. Seebohm describes the song as “tees, tees, tees, tis‐is-is-s-s-r-r-re,”
Howard Saunders as “tic-tic-teese,” Lord Lilford as “tedious and rasping notes.”

Seebohm observes that “the ordinary call-note of this bird is very loud, and
resembles the word tzit; the note between the sexes is a long drawn-out kaak, and
frequently the two notes are heard together tsit-kaak.”
